invalid-bookmark-0.json:bookmark:failure:Missing a body
invalid-bookmark-1.json:bookmark:failure:Missing a motivation
invalid-bookmark-2.json:bookmark:failure:Missing a target
invalid-bookmark-3.json:bookmark:failure:Target selector has an invalid type
invalid-bookmark-4.json:bookmark:failure:Target selector has an invalid value
invalid-bookmark-5.json:bookmark:failure:Body lacks device ID property
invalid-bookmark-6.json:bookmark:failure:Body lacks time property
invalid-bookmark-7.json:bookmark:failure:Target selector lacks page
invalid-locator-1.json:locator:failure:Missing idref property
invalid-locator-2.json:locator:failure:Missing progressWithinChapter property
invalid-locator-3.json:locator:failure:Chapter progression is negative
invalid-locator-4.json:locator:failure:Chapter progression is greater than 1.0
invalid-locator-5.json:locator:failure:Chapter number is negative
invalid-locator-6.json:locator:failure:Page number is negative
valid-bookmark-0.json:bookmark:success:Valid bookmark
valid-bookmark-1.json:bookmark:success:Valid bookmark
valid-bookmark-2.json:bookmark:success:Valid bookmark
valid-bookmark-3.json:bookmark:success:Valid bookmark
valid-bookmark-4.json:bookmark:success:Valid bookmark
valid-bookmark-5.json:bookmark:success:Valid bookmark
valid-locator-0.json:locator:success:Valid locator
valid-locator-1.json:locator:success:Valid locator
valid-locator-2.json:locator:success:Valid locator
valid-locator-3.json:locator:success:Valid locator
valid-locator-4.json:locator:success:Valid locator